Fix docs for rc patch release (#5180)
pipe-cd/pipecd: RELEASES.md

- Create a tagged release from the release branch `release-vX.Y.x`. The release should start with "v" and be followed by the version number.

## RC Release

> 1. (Only for the patch rc release) At first, we need to cherry-pick the fixes to the release branch. Please refer to [Backport fixes and Release note](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/blob/master/RELEASES.md#backport-fixes-and-release-note)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare: Ensure all changes you want to attach to the release are available in the release target branch (`master` for the minor, `release-vX.Y.x` for the patch). Please refer to [Backport fixes and Release note](#backport-fixes-and-release-note)
```
how about this?

Author: @khanhtc1202 
Thanks, It looks totally nice.  
`Backport fixes and Release note` is about cherry-pick process and need only for the patch release.
So how about this? Just added a little change.

```
Prepare: Ensure all changes you want to attach to the release are available in the release target branch (`master` for the minor, `release-vX.Y.x` for the patch). For the patch, please refer to [Backport fixes and Release note](#backport-fixes-and-release-note) 
```

Reviewer: @ffjlabo thanks, it looks better 👍

Author: fixed! [4d2df7e](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/5180/commits/4d2df7e039ee2d2e0d55704bc27441f547ae624b)
